okay now I've been talking about a
growth hormone product a growth hormone
focused triggering product on the
Facebook users group a lot of people
speculated what could that be they look
at my background and some of them had
some pretty good ideas but let me just
briefly review so when if you read the
research Jake wish how high or 2016 that
was where we determine stabilization
firing we showed basically a new
principle of human physiology
stabilization firing in rapid succession
can up regulate growth hormone that plus
load will yield even more growth
hormones so since when we're using x3
like let's say I'm doing a curl what I'm
holding here is probably a way that I
would never be able to unrack because I
would never be able to get it through
the weaker range of motion so we're
tricking our bodies and lifting heavier
in a stronger range of motion that we
ever otherwise would and when even when
I'm doing a curl which is a single joint
movement there's stabilization firing
going going through here even in my neck
and that is up regulating growth hormone
now the primary intervention that we
looked at in that study was instability
so easy to measure instability and when
somebody's unstable whether it's on a
balanced board or a vibration platform
it's pretty uniform so we have less
variables to look at there so how would
we get a greater growth hormone effect
with x3 then we're already getting so
what we want is like a one plus one
equals ten like maximum instability
while without tipping over and also be
able to load the body and the way we do
so I'm gonna show you how we pull it off
so we worked with the best vibration
company in the world this is made in
America vibe plate makes this so they
make an incredible product all the
products are absolutely
incredible now this is a special
vibration platform that adapts to the x3
so the ground play drops right in here
fits perfectly
this is crank so you can put the band
you're gonna use right right in the
trench and then this right here is a
switch which is pressure
I helped help them design this if I
played so that we could have a
pressure-sensitive switch on this device
so it turns on when you step on it it's
really important because any other
vibration product you can put the ground
plate on its the ground plates gonna
wander off after you turn it on it'll
vibrate right off the surface because
you can't control the thing you have no
way to turn it on once you're hanging on
to the bar so let's say how we're gonna
do a curl get into position to do it and
it doesn't turn on until I step on
so I step on the cloud you can see by
just just a little bit of tension on the
on the band you can see the band
vibrating now I can get into position
and do that curl so my whole body is put
in a situation of a greater level of
instability thereby more growth hormone
effect
not my didn't do that so as soon as I
step off it turns off okay some some
detail I know there's gonna be a lot of
questions and I want everybody to
understand the story of why we did what
we did so we partnered with a vibe plate
on this because I could say they they
make the best product but they make
everything they make all the products in
Nebraska in the United States and for
home use the products have a lifetime
warranty so tells you something about
the company if they're willing to do
that the products have been fantastic
I've been using their products for years
even though I was chief science officer
of the largest vibration company in the
world I always liked their product it's
just delivers it's fantastic
never had a complaint never had anybody
say like wow you know I don't I don't
particularly like this one they make a
super high quality product like
military-grade kind of steel it's made
of steel by the way not the feet because
you want to dampen some of the vibration
that goes into the floor something to
keep in mind where you put it concrete
floors are better you're probably using
your garage at home now some other
things
this device is specially fixed and
calibrated at 30 Hertz so the reason we
did that is the most positive research
is that thirty Hertz so one of the
things that people do with vibration
platforms because they don't know what
they're doing and they haven't ready the
research is they see a dial and they
turn it now the calibration of the dial
is questionable to begin with and then
they want to turn it all the way because
I think if medium or low or thirty Hertz
is good and sixty must be better well a
problem is muscles don't go into
reflexive firing beyond thirty Hertz
like thirty thirty has the most research
so they what happens is the muscles
going to tennis these lock up so you
know tetanus means that you lock your
your jaw when you can you have that
dysfunction so the vibration actually
does nothing
beyond 30 Hertz for most individuals so
we have this one specially made so you
can't screw with that and screw up your
workout which people are doing all over
the world with these these different
products so very high quality fantastic
great experience it feels fantastic one
thing that you'll notice is there's a
serotonin release which makes you feel
fantastic after you use it you feel even
better than you normally do when you're
with your ex to rework out questions
about about g-forces so I won't mention
the company that started using that that
term basically what they did was they
take the acceleration of the plate and
say because of the rate it's coming at
you that is they use mathematics to
factor how that's sort of amplifying
your body weight because of the rate at
which it's hitting you well the problem
with that argument is that would have to
affect your whole body and the vibration
is it's it's perceptible like you feel
it for sure but your tendons or
ligaments your reflexes I mean it's the
whole point of the GX GH accelerator
that's the name of the product the whole
point is to trigger reflexes well
reflexes decelerate you so your body
never manifests these these g-forces so
like saying in any company that started
talking about g-forces there they're
just just selling just just it's a
fraudulent way to sell because they're
trying to make a bone-density argument
or or something that that all these
g-forces are gonna really do do you a
favor total BS that would be like
putting a blinking light on your
treadmill and then telling the person
who's running on the treadmill you're
running at the speed of light because
the light is hitting you at the speed of
light totally stupid
so don't pay any attention to that kind
of stuff it's just just complete crap so
I hope you can check this out if you ask
a bunch of question
we get some of the same questions over
and over again we're going to do some
more instructional videos and I'll show
you how to apply the GX accelerator to
your x3 workout it is absolutely
fantastic I've been testing it for a
couple weeks now it's going to be under
$1400 be on our website very soon and
works with your existing x3 just drop it
in to the end of the ground plan I also
want to show you the new iPhone case it
says beyond waits beyond cardio XP bar
comm so that's in our rewards program
for anybody who wants to kind of refer
their friends to check out x3 you can
earn one of these and we have some great
coffee mugs and other like promotional
stuff so you can let all your friends
know why you're in such fantastic shape
if you have any questions please find us
on Facebook find me on Instagram and ask
away
Thanks